Docker installation update (#336)
developer-portal/content: tools/docker/about.md

## Featured images

Find out about [released images](/tools/docker/docker-images.html).

## Alternatives

> - [Podman](https://podman.io/) 
>   - Podman is a daemonless container engine for developing, managing, and running OCI Containers on your Linux System.

Reviewer: I see we don't have the page. I'll add it. please point to:

```suggestion
### [Podman](/tools/docker/about.html) 
Podman is a daemonless container engine for developing, managing, and running OCI Containers. Usage is mostly same as with docker.

You can install it with the following command:
```console
$ sudo dnf install podman
\```  
```

I've also updated the formatting, which seemed strange to me. But the `\` don't belong there, please remove it manualy.

Reviewer: I will remove the command when I add the page (/tools/podman/about.html).
